---
title: Vision and Objective
---

# Title: SmartBook

> **Team 05 Team members:**

# Aarti Rai

> **Kartik Jhirwar Lavanya Chaudhary Palak Sharma Priyanshu Garg**

# Tech Stack -- AR/VR, Web Dev

**1. Functional Requirements:**

1.1 User Registration and Authentication:

\- Users should be able to register and create accounts to access the
website\'s features.

\- The website should provide secure authentication mechanisms to
protect user data.

1.2 Book Scanning:

\- The website should allow users to capture images of book pages using
their device\'s camera.

\- The captured images should be processed and stored for further
analysis.

1.3 Image Processing and Augmentation:

\- The website should utilize image processing techniques to enhance the
scanned images and prepare them for augmented reality.

\- Augmented reality technology (using Unity) should be employed to
overlay interactive 3D models onto the scanned images.

1.4 3D Model Interaction:

\- Users should be able to interact with the augmented 3D models, such
as rotating, zooming, and exploring additional information.

\- The website should provide intuitive controls for users to manipulate
and navigate through the 3D models.

1.5 User Profile and History:

\- The website should maintain user profiles, including their scanning
history, preferences, and saved books.

\- Users should be able to review their scanning history and easily
access previously scanned books.

**2. Product Backlog (Feature List):**

\- User registration and login system

\- Camera integration for image capture

\- Image processing algorithms for enhancing scanned images

\- Augmented reality integration using Unity for overlaying 3D models

\- Interactive controls for manipulating and exploring 3D models

\- User profile management and scanning history

\- Responsive design to support various devices

\- Analytics and reporting system to track user activity and improve
user experience

**3. Workflow Diagram:**

A workflow diagram visually represents the steps and interactions
involved in the process. Here is a high-level overview of the workflow
for the augmented reality book scanning website:

**4. Uploading on Git:**

\- The project source code, along with any associated documentation,
should be uploaded to a version control system like Git.

\- Collaborate with the development team to set up a Git repository and
follow the best practices for code organization, branching, and merging.

**5. User Story:**

User Story: As a user, I want to be able to scan pictures from my hard
copy books and view them as interactive 3D models to enhance my
understanding of complex diagrams.

Acceptance Criteria:

\- I can register and log in to the website.

\- I can use my device\'s camera to capture images of book pages.

\- The scanned images are processed and displayed as augmented reality
3D models.

\- I can interact with the 3D models by rotating, zooming, and accessing
additional information.

By creating this requirement document, we establish a clear
understanding of the desired functionality and features for the
augmented reality book scanning website. It serves as a reference for
the development team and stakeholders, ensuring that the project aligns
with the defined requirements and objectives.
